1. String
   Integer
   Date
   Float
   Float
   
2. A database should be used when the data necessary for an application to run will constantly need to be added,
   deleted, or updated. Using a database will allow for the data to be added to, updated, or deleted while different
   instances of the program are running. You would use a text file if there was information that your program needed
   to run that would never, or very rarely, need to be changed.
    
3.  SQL is a declarative language as opposed to a procedural language this means that you do not specifiy how the requested
    data is returned, but instead the application figures out the best way to return it to you. 
    
4.  A database is comprised of tables and those tables are made of rows and columns. The first row of a table designates catagories 
    of data and all columns underneath the first row will contain data that belongs in the data catagory specified in the first row. 
    Each row after the first contains all of the data for 1 object. 
    
5. A table will contain all of the rows and columns in a certain data set. A column will contain all data of a certain category in a
   table and will be comprised of values from different objects that belong to the afformentioned category. A row will contain all of 
   the data for 1 particuliar object. A value is the information that is contained in a row and a column.
   
6. Integer, Float, String

7. The first query is asking for all of the dates when a payment was made and the amount that was paid for each payment that is stored
   in the payments table.  The second query is asking for the amounts paid in each payment that was greater than 500. The third query will 
   return all information from the row that contains a payee with the name "Mega Foods".
   
8.   SELECT email, signup
     FROM users
     WHERE name = "DeAndre Data";
     
     SELECT userid
     FROM users
     WHERE email = 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'
     
     SELECT *
     FROM users
     WHERE userid = 4